README.md, before:

## Flaschen-Taschen Demos

By [Carl Gorringe](http://carl.gorringe.org)

Here are some programs that I wrote for the [Noisebridge Flaschen Taschen Project](https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Flaschen_Taschen), based on [code written by hzeller](https://github.com/hzeller/flaschen-taschen).

I've also created [*ft-mod*, a Music Module Player](https://github.com/cgorringe/ft-mod) for the Flaschen Taschen.

|     |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- |
![](img/random-dots.jpg) | ![](img/quilt.jpg) | ![](img/nb-logo.jpg)
![](img/plasma_large.jpg) | ![](img/plasma_small.jpg) | ![](img/lines.jpg)
![](img/blur_wave.jpg) | ![](img/blur_pong.jpg) | ![](img/hack.jpg)
![](img/fractal1.jpg) | ![](img/fractal2.jpg) | ![](img/life.jpg)
![](img/maze.jpg) | ![](img/sierpinski.jpg) | ![](img/matrix.jpg)


### Install How-to

This works on a unix-like OS such as Linux or Mac OS X.

#### Check out the project
This project uses the API provided in the `flaschen-taschen` project. We use
it in a sub-module, so we have to check out with the `--recursive` option:

```
  git clone --recursive https://github.com/cgorringe/ft-demos
```

Either make & run the server locally, or use the remote servers (see original README). Set up your display using the environment variable:

```
$ export FT_DISPLAY=localhost or servername
```

Now make and run the demos:

```
$ cd ft-demos
$ make all
$ ./random-dots
```

### Demos provided

Use the `-?` command-line option on any demo program to list it's options.

1. ```random-dots```
2. ```quilt```
3. ```nb-logo``` - logo that traverses the border
4. ```plasma``` - multi-colored plasma
5. ```blur bolt``` or ```boxes``` - burred simulated sound waves or rectangles
6. ```lines``` - like an old-school screensaver
7. ```hack``` - rotating letters + blur effect
8. ```fractal``` - zooming Mandelbrot fractal
9. ```midi``` - converts a midi bytestream into a player piano demo of scrolling dots
10. ```life``` - Conway's Game of Life
11. ```maze``` - maze generator
12. ```sierpinski``` - Sierpinski's Triangle
13. ```matrix``` - Matrix Rain


### Noisebridge hosts
* ```ft.noise``` - Large [Flaschen-Taschen](https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Flaschen_Taschen) (45x35 bb)
* ```ftkleine.noise``` - Smaller Kleine (25x20 bb)
* ```bookcase.noise``` - [Library bookshelves](https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Bookshelves) (810x1 LEDs)
* ```square.noise``` - [Noise Square table](https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Noise_Square_Table)

_____

## License

Copyright (c) 2016 Carl Gorringe. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the the terms of the [GNU General Public License version 2 (GPLv2)](http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html).

Commit message:

- init.d/flaschen-taschen-demos: script for starting demos on boot - init.d/starting-on-boot-initd.md - README.md: add line mentioning the init.d script

README.md, after:

## Flaschen-Taschen Demos

By [Carl Gorringe](http://carl.gorringe.org)

Here are some programs that I wrote for the [Noisebridge Flaschen Taschen Project](https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Flaschen_Taschen), based on [code written by hzeller](https://github.com/hzeller/flaschen-taschen).

I've also created [*ft-mod*, a Music Module Player](https://github.com/cgorringe/ft-mod) for the Flaschen Taschen.

|     |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- |
![](img/random-dots.jpg) | ![](img/quilt.jpg) | ![](img/nb-logo.jpg)
![](img/plasma_large.jpg) | ![](img/plasma_small.jpg) | ![](img/lines.jpg)
![](img/blur_wave.jpg) | ![](img/blur_pong.jpg) | ![](img/hack.jpg)
![](img/fractal1.jpg) | ![](img/fractal2.jpg) | ![](img/life.jpg)
![](img/maze.jpg) | ![](img/sierpinski.jpg) | ![](img/matrix.jpg)


### Install How-to

This works on a unix-like OS such as Linux or Mac OS X.

#### Check out the project
This project uses the API provided in the `flaschen-taschen` project. We use
it in a sub-module, so we have to check out with the `--recursive` option:

```
  git clone --recursive https://github.com/cgorringe/ft-demos
```

Either make & run the server locally, or use the remote servers (see original README). Set up your display using the environment variable:

```
$ export FT_DISPLAY=localhost or servername
```

Now make and run the demos:

```
$ cd ft-demos
$ make all
$ ./random-dots
```

To run the demos on boot, see the `init.d` directory.

### Demos provided

Use the `-?` command-line option on any demo program to list it's options.

1. ```random-dots```
2. ```quilt```
3. ```nb-logo``` - logo that traverses the border
4. ```plasma``` - multi-colored plasma
5. ```blur bolt``` or ```boxes``` - burred simulated sound waves or rectangles
6. ```lines``` - like an old-school screensaver
7. ```hack``` - rotating letters + blur effect
8. ```fractal``` - zooming Mandelbrot fractal
9. ```midi``` - converts a midi bytestream into a player piano demo of scrolling dots
10. ```life``` - Conway's Game of Life
11. ```maze``` - maze generator
12. ```sierpinski``` - Sierpinski's Triangle
13. ```matrix``` - Matrix Rain


### Noisebridge hosts
* ```ft.noise``` - Large [Flaschen-Taschen](https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Flaschen_Taschen) (45x35 bb)
* ```ftkleine.noise``` - Smaller Kleine (25x20 bb)
* ```bookcase.noise``` - [Library bookshelves](https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Bookshelves) (810x1 LEDs)
* ```square.noise``` - [Noise Square table](https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Noise_Square_Table)

_____

## License

Copyright (c) 2016 Carl Gorringe. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the the terms of the [GNU General Public License version 2 (GPLv2)](http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html).
